                          			 USER STORIES
			  			 ------------

						Sowmya Dhumale 
						   Module 3


1) As an Administrator of capstore, I must be able to access any link among Customer details, merchant details and Inventory details.

2) As an Admin, I can be able to view all the Customer details if I click on 'Customer Details' link.

	2.1) I am able to view the details of all customers
	2.2) I am able to go to home page if I click on 'Home' button.

3) As an Admin, I am able to view all the Merchant details if I click on 'Merchant Details' link.
	3.1) I am able to view the details of all the Merchants 
  	3.2) I am able to go to home page if I click on 'Home' button.
	3.3) I am able to remove the Merchant if needed 
	3.4) I am able to add the new merchant(Direct Merchant or third party merchant) when I click on 'Add' button.

4) As an Admin, I must be able to view all the Inventory detais if I click on 'Inventory details' link
	4.1) I am able to view the details of all the Products
	4.2) I am able to go to home page if I click on 'Home' button.
	4.3) I am able to remove the product if needed 
	4.4) I am able to add the new product and new category
	4.5) I am able to update the stock
	

5) As an Admin, I must be able to go to Home page using 'Home' button.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

6) As an Admin, I must be able to validate the Merchant first, so that he will be able to login into Merchant Page

7) As an Admin, I will be able to receive the feedbacks from customers, 
	forward the feedbacks of customers to merchants and also redirect their responses to customers

8) As an Admin, I am able to search for any customer details, merchant details and any inventory details

9) As an Admin, I can upload images of products and banners

10) As an Admin, I can put up promos and discount 
	It can be on individual products or for category of products or on some minimum amount 
	It will be for a limited time period.

11) As an Admin, I can set some minimum cost of purchase

12) As an Admin, I will be able to generate coupons and email it to the Customers 
	which will be valid for a minimum time period and will have unique code

13) As an Admin, I can generate buiseness anlyasis at the end of some time period. 
	So that it can check dispatch report of particular product ,Category of products or products from a particular merchant

14) As an Admin, I am able to verify the products returned by the customers so that money can be refunded to the customer

15) As an Admin, I am able to send new attaractions of Capstore to the customer

16) As an admin, I am able to update the status of delivery of products so that Customer can check status of delivery
